⚡ Bolt: Cache content_url in asset minification (#479)
nilesh32236/performance-optimisation: .jules/bolt.md

**Action:** When WordPress core utility functions that return static paths/URLs are needed inside parsing loops, cache their results in PHP `static` variables so they are computed only once per request and reused across all subsequent loop iterations.

> **Exception (multisite):** In WordPress multisite, contexts can switch (e.g., via `switch_to_blog()`). When caching WP core function results, key the static cache by `get_current_blog_id()` to ensure lookups resolve correctly when the active site context changes within a single request.## 2026-07-31 - Cache content_url in Asset Minification Loops\n\n**Learning:** Executing WordPress core functions like `content_url()` repeatedly inside high-frequency execution paths (like when rewriting URLs for CSS and JS tags during minification) can add redundant performance overhead because it executes WP hooks for every replaced asset.\n**Action:** Declare a PHP static array keyed by `get_current_blog_id()` to execute `content_url()` once per site per request and reuse the cached URL prefix during minification processes.

Author: 🔵 **MINOR**: The new learning entry '## 2026-07-31 - Cache content_url in Asset Minification Loops' was appended directly onto the last line of the file with literal \n escape sequences and no separating blank line, so the file now ends in a single 820-byte line of raw '\n' text. The markdown header and paragraphs are not real newlines, which breaks the document structure for the autonomous agent workflows that read this file.

> 💡 **How to fix:** Append the new entry on its own lines with a preceding blank line instead of embedding literal \n escapes.

```suggestion
**Exception (multisite):** In WordPress multisite, contexts can switch (e.g., via `switch_to_blog()`). When caching WP core function results, key the static cache by `get_current_blog_id()` to ensure lookups resolve correctly when the active site context changes within a single request.

## 2026-07-31 - Cache content_url in Asset Minification Loops

**Learning:** Executing WordPress core functions like `content_url()` repeatedly inside high-frequency execution paths (like when rewriting URLs for CSS and JS tags during minification) can add redundant performance overhead because it executes WP hooks for every replaced asset.

**Action:** Declare a PHP static array keyed by `get_current_blog_id()` to execute `content_url()` once per site per request and reuse the cached URL prefix during minification processes.

**Exception (filterable paths):** `content_url()` runs `apply_filters( 'content_url', $url, $path )`, so path-sensitive filters may return different URLs per path. When `has_filter( 'content_url' )` is not `false`, call `content_url()` with the complete asset path (including `basename( $cached_file )`) on every rewrite instead of reusing a cached prefix; only use the per-blog cached prefix when no filter is registered.
```

> **Exception (multisite):** In WordPress multisite, contexts can switch (e.g., via `switch_to_blog()`). When caching WP core function results, key the static cache by `get_current_blog_id()` to ensure lookups resolve correctly when the active site context changes within a single request.## 2026-07-31 - Cache content_url in Asset Minification Loops\n\n**Learning:** Executing WordPress core functions like `content_url()` repeatedly inside high-frequency execution paths (like when rewriting URLs for CSS and JS tags during minification) can add redundant performance overhead because it executes WP hooks for every replaced asset.\n**Action:** Declare a PHP static array keyed by `get_current_blog_id()` to execute `content_url()` once per site per request and reuse the cached URL prefix during minification processes.

Author: 🔵 **MINOR**: Per the open CodeRabbit thread, the bolt.md guidance (lines 66-72) still instructs agents to cache WP core function results in static variables unconditionally and does not document the has_filter('content_url') path-sensitive exception that the PR's own code implements. Without this documented, future agents will reintroduce the bug by dropping the filter guard.

> 💡 **How to fix:** Document the caveat in bolt.md: when has_filter('content_url') is not false, require full-path content_url() calls per rewrite rather than reusing a cached prefix; retain per-blog caching only when no content_url filter is registered.

```suggestion
Document the caveat in bolt.md: when has_filter('content_url') is not false, require full-path content_url() calls per rewrite rather than reusing a cached prefix; retain per-blog caching only when no content_url filter is registered.
```
